@prefix MA_ont: <https://purl.org/maont#> .
@prefix hkmalakg: <https://purl.org/maont/master#> .
@prefix owl: <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#> .
@prefix rdf: <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#> .
@prefix xml: <http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace> .
@prefix xsd: <http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#> .
@prefix rdfs: <http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#> .
@prefix skos: <http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#> .
@prefix martialmotion: <http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#> .
@base <https://purl.org/maont/master> .

<https://purl.org/maont/master> rdf:type owl:Ontology .

#################################################################
#     Title: Martial Arts MAsters Knowledge Graph: Ongology
#     Description: This is the ontological framework of MA2KG, 
#                  the Martial Arts MAsters Knowledge Graph.
#     Author: Yumeng HOU (https://orcid.org/0000-0002-7908-0693)
#     License type: MIT license
#################################################################

#################################################################
#    Object Properties
#################################################################

###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#adopts
martialmotion:adopts rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                     rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#competes_in
martialmotion:competes_in rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                          rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                          rdfs:domain martialmotion:Master ;
                          rdfs:range martialmotion:MA_Community .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#created_by
martialmotion:created_by rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                         rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                         rdf:type owl:AsymmetricProperty ,
                                  owl:IrreflexiveProperty ;
                         rdfs:domain martialmotion:MA_style ,
                                     martialmotion:Weapon ;
                         rdfs:range martialmotion:MA_Community ,
                                    martialmotion:Master .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#employs
martialmotion:employs rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                      rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                      rdf:type owl:AsymmetricProperty .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#fights_with
martialmotion:fights_with rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                          rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                          rdf:type owl:SymmetricProperty ,
                                   owl:IrreflexiveProperty .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#founded_by
martialmotion:founded_by rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                         rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                         rdf:type owl:AsymmetricProperty ,
                                  owl:IrreflexiveProperty ;
                         rdfs:domain martialmotion:MA_Community ,
                                     hkmalakg:Site ;
                         rdfs:range martialmotion:MA_Community ,
                                    martialmotion:Master .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#has_origin_in
martialmotion:has_origin_in rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                            rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#has_parent
martialmotion:has_parent rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                         rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                         owl:inverseOf martialmotion:is_parent_of ;
                         rdf:type owl:TransitiveProperty ;
                         rdfs:domain martialmotion:Master ;
                         rdfs:range martialmotion:Master .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#has_place_of_birth
martialmotion:has_place_of_birth rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                                 rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#has_residence
martialmotion:has_residence rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                            rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#is_parent_of
martialmotion:is_parent_of rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                           rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                           rdf:type owl:TransitiveProperty ,
                                    owl:IrreflexiveProperty ;
                           rdfs:domain martialmotion:Master ;
                           rdfs:range martialmotion:Master .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#is_relative_of
martialmotion:is_relative_of rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                             rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                             rdf:type owl:SymmetricProperty ,
                                      owl:TransitiveProperty ,
                                      owl:IrreflexiveProperty .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#master_of
martialmotion:master_of rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                        rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#popular_in
martialmotion:popular_in rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                         rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#practiced_in
martialmotion:practiced_in rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                           rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#practices
martialmotion:practices rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                        rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                        rdfs:domain martialmotion:Master ;
                        rdfs:range martialmotion:MA_style ,
                                   martialmotion:MA_system .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#re-created_by
martialmotion:re-created_by rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                            rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#represented_by
martialmotion:represented_by rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                             rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#requires
martialmotion:requires rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                       rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#similar_to
martialmotion:similar_to rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                         rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#taught_at
martialmotion:taught_at rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                        rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#teaches
martialmotion:teaches rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                      rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                      rdfs:domain martialmotion:Master ;
                      rdfs:range martialmotion:MA_style .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#valid_for
martialmotion:valid_for rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                        rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#belongs_to_system
hkmalakg:belongs_to_system rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                           rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                           owl:inverseOf hkmalakg:has_style ;
                           rdf:type owl:FunctionalProperty ;
                           rdfs:domain martialmotion:MA_style ;
                           rdfs:range martialmotion:MA_system .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#has_style
hkmalakg:has_style rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                   rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                   rdfs:domain martialmotion:MA_system ;
                   rdfs:range martialmotion:MA_style .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#hyperStyle_of
hkmalakg:hyperStyle_of rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                       rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                       owl:inverseOf hkmalakg:subStyle_of ;
                       rdf:type owl:TransitiveProperty ,
                                owl:IrreflexiveProperty ;
                       rdfs:domain martialmotion:MA_style ;
                       rdfs:range martialmotion:MA_style .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#hyperSystem_of
hkmalakg:hyperSystem_of rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                        rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                        owl:inverseOf hkmalakg:subSystem_of ;
                        rdf:type owl:TransitiveProperty ,
                                 owl:IrreflexiveProperty ;
                        rdfs:domain martialmotion:MA_system ;
                        rdfs:range martialmotion:MA_system .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#is_master_of
hkmalakg:is_master_of rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                      rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                      owl:inverseOf hkmalakg:is_student_of ;
                      rdf:type owl:TransitiveProperty ,
                               owl:IrreflexiveProperty ;
                      rdfs:domain martialmotion:Master ;
                      rdfs:range martialmotion:Master .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#is_student_of
hkmalakg:is_student_of rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                       rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                       rdf:type owl:TransitiveProperty ,
                                owl:IrreflexiveProperty ;
                       rdfs:domain martialmotion:Master ;
                       rdfs:range martialmotion:MA_Community ,
                                  martialmotion:Master .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#locates_in
hkmalakg:locates_in rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                    rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                    rdf:type owl:AsymmetricProperty ,
                             owl:TransitiveProperty ;
                    rdfs:domain martialmotion:MA_Community ,
                                hkmalakg:Site ;
                    rdfs:range martialmotion:Region ,
                               hkmalakg:City .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#resides_in
hkmalakg:resides_in rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                    rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                    rdfs:domain martialmotion:Master ;
                    rdfs:range martialmotion:Region ,
                               hkmalakg:City ,
                               hkmalakg:Site .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#subStyle_of
hkmalakg:subStyle_of rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                     rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                     rdf:type owl:FunctionalProperty ,
                              owl:TransitiveProperty ,
                              owl:IrreflexiveProperty ;
                     rdfs:domain martialmotion:MA_style ;
                     rdfs:range martialmotion:MA_style .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#subSystem_of
hkmalakg:subSystem_of rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                      rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty ;
                      rdf:type owl:FunctionalProperty ,
                               owl:TransitiveProperty ,
                               owl:IrreflexiveProperty ;
                      rdfs:domain martialmotion:MA_system ;
                      rdfs:range martialmotion:MA_system .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#sworn_brothers
hkmalakg:sworn_brothers rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
                        rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#uses
hkmalakg:uses rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ;
              rdfs:subPropertyOf owl:topObjectProperty .


###  http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#topObjectProperty
owl:topObjectProperty rdf:type owl:ObjectProperty ,
                               owl:SymmetricProperty ,
                               owl:IrreflexiveProperty .


#################################################################
#    Data properties
#################################################################

###  https://purl.org/maont/master#EN_family_name
<https://purl.org/maont/master#EN_family_name> rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty ;
                                                                                        rdfs:subPropertyOf <https://purl.org/maont/master#EN_name> ;
                                                                                        rdfs:range xsd:string .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#EN_first_name
<https://purl.org/maont/master#EN_first_name> rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty ;
                                                                                       rdfs:subPropertyOf <https://purl.org/maont/master#EN_name> .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#EN_middle_name
<https://purl.org/maont/master#EN_middle_name> rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty ;
                                                                                        rdfs:subPropertyOf <https://purl.org/maont/master#EN_name> .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#EN_name
<https://purl.org/maont/master#EN_name> rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty ;
                                                                                 rdfs:subPropertyOf hkmalakg:personAppelation ;
                                                                                 rdfs:range xsd:Name ,
                                                                                            xsd:string .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#art_name
<https://purl.org/maont/master#art_name> rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty ;
                                                                                  rdfs:subPropertyOf hkmalakg:personAppelation .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#family_name
<https://purl.org/maont/master#family_name> rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty ;
                                                                                     rdfs:subPropertyOf hkmalakg:full_name .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#first_name
<https://purl.org/maont/master#first_name> rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty ;
                                                                                    rdfs:subPropertyOf hkmalakg:full_name .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#middle_name
<https://purl.org/maont/master#middle_name> rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty ;
                                                                                     rdfs:subPropertyOf hkmalakg:full_name .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#name_language
<https://purl.org/maont/master#name_language> rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty ;
                                                                                       rdfs:subPropertyOf hkmalakg:full_name ;
                                                                                       rdfs:range xsd:language .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#featureID
hkmalakg:featureID rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#fileDescription
hkmalakg:fileDescription rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#filePath
hkmalakg:filePath rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#fileProduceDate
hkmalakg:fileProduceDate rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#fileProducer
hkmalakg:fileProducer rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#full_name
hkmalakg:full_name rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty ;
                   rdfs:subPropertyOf hkmalakg:personAppelation .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#personAppelation
hkmalakg:personAppelation rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#personBiography
hkmalakg:personBiography rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#personBirthday
hkmalakg:personBirthday rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#personBirthplace
hkmalakg:personBirthplace rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#personDeathday
hkmalakg:personDeathday rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#personGender
hkmalakg:personGender rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#placeDescription
hkmalakg:placeDescription rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#placeENName
hkmalakg:placeENName rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#placeLocation
hkmalakg:placeLocation rdf:type owl:DatatypeProperty .


###  http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#topDataProperty
owl:topDataProperty rdfs:domain martialmotion:Master ;
                    rdfs:range xsd:string .


#################################################################
#    Classes
#################################################################

###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Armour
martialmotion:Armour rdf:type owl:Class ;
                     rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Defensive_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Axe
martialmotion:Axe rdf:type owl:Class ;
                  rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Bladed_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Ballistic_knife
martialmotion:Ballistic_knife rdf:type owl:Class ;
                              rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Ranged_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Bladed_weapon
martialmotion:Bladed_weapon rdf:type owl:Class ;
                            rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Melee_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Blowgun
martialmotion:Blowgun rdf:type owl:Class ;
                      rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Ranged_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Blunt_weapon
martialmotion:Blunt_weapon rdf:type owl:Class ;
                           rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Melee_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Bow
martialmotion:Bow rdf:type owl:Class ;
                  rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Ranged_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Chain_weapon
martialmotion:Chain_weapon rdf:type owl:Class ;
                           rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Flexible_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Chakram
martialmotion:Chakram rdf:type owl:Class ;
                      rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Ranged_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Crossbow
martialmotion:Crossbow rdf:type owl:Class ;
                       rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Bow .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Dagger
martialmotion:Dagger rdf:type owl:Class ;
                     rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Bladed_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Defensive_weapon
martialmotion:Defensive_weapon rdf:type owl:Class ;
                               rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Flexible_weapon
martialmotion:Flexible_weapon rdf:type owl:Class ;
                              rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Guandao
martialmotion:Guandao rdf:type owl:Class ;
                      rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Polearms .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Halberd
martialmotion:Halberd rdf:type owl:Class ;
                      rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Polearms .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Kama
martialmotion:Kama rdf:type owl:Class ;
                   rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Bladed_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Knife
martialmotion:Knife rdf:type owl:Class ;
                    rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Bladed_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#MA_Community
martialmotion:MA_Community rdf:type owl:Class ;
                           rdfs:comment "A Martial Arts (MA) Community represents collective social agents where the transmission of  martial arts taking place, e.g. a school, clan, sect or sports federation." .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#MA_style
martialmotion:MA_style rdf:type owl:Class ;
                       owl:equivalentClass MA_ont:MA_style ;
                       rdfs:subClassOf MA_ont:E28_Conceptual_Object ;
                       rdfs:label "Style" .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#MA_system
martialmotion:MA_system rdf:type owl:Class ;
                        owl:equivalentClass MA_ont:MA_system ;
                        rdfs:subClassOf MA_ont:E28_Conceptual_Object ;
                        rdfs:label "System" .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Master
martialmotion:Master rdf:type owl:Class ;
                     owl:equivalentClass MA_ont:Master ;
                     rdfs:subClassOf MA_ont:E21_Person .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Melee_weapon
martialmotion:Melee_weapon rdf:type owl:Class ;
                           rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Nunchaku
martialmotion:Nunchaku rdf:type owl:Class ;
                       rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Flexible_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Polearms
martialmotion:Polearms rdf:type owl:Class ;
                       rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Melee_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Ranged_weapon
martialmotion:Ranged_weapon rdf:type owl:Class ;
                            rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Region
martialmotion:Region rdf:type owl:Class ;
                     rdfs:subClassOf MA_ont:E53_Place ;
                     owl:disjointWith hkmalakg:Site .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Rope
martialmotion:Rope rdf:type owl:Class ;
                   rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Flexible_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Shield
martialmotion:Shield rdf:type owl:Class ;
                     rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Armour .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Shuriken
martialmotion:Shuriken rdf:type owl:Class ;
                       rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Ranged_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Sickle
martialmotion:Sickle rdf:type owl:Class ;
                     rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Bladed_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Slapjack
martialmotion:Slapjack rdf:type owl:Class ;
                       rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Flexible_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Sling
martialmotion:Sling rdf:type owl:Class ;
                    rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Ranged_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Spear
martialmotion:Spear rdf:type owl:Class ;
                    rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Polearms .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Staff
martialmotion:Staff rdf:type owl:Class ;
                    rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Blunt_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Sword
martialmotion:Sword rdf:type owl:Class ;
                    rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Bladed_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Tabak-Toyok
martialmotion:Tabak-Toyok rdf:type owl:Class ;
                          rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Flexible_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Taser
martialmotion:Taser rdf:type owl:Class ;
                    rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Ranged_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Tonfa
martialmotion:Tonfa rdf:type owl:Class ;
                    rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Blunt_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#War_hammer
martialmotion:War_hammer rdf:type owl:Class ;
                         rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Bladed_weapon .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Weapon
martialmotion:Weapon rdf:type owl:Class ;
                     rdfs:subClassOf MA_ont:Armament .


###  http://semanticweb.org/ont/martialmotion#Whip
martialmotion:Whip rdf:type owl:Class ;
                   rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:Flexible_weapon .


###  https://purl.org/maont#MA_institute
MA_ont:MA_institute owl:equivalentClass hkmalakg:School_and_Club ;
                    rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:MA_Community .


###  https://purl.org/maont#MA_style

###  https://purl.org/maont#MA_system

###  https://purl.org/maont#Master

###  https://purl.org/maont/master#Association
hkmalakg:Association rdf:type owl:Class ;
                     rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:MA_Community .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#City
hkmalakg:City rdf:type owl:Class ;
              rdfs:subClassOf MA_ont:E53_Place ;
              owl:disjointWith hkmalakg:Site .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#Clan
hkmalakg:Clan rdf:type owl:Class ;
              rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:MA_Community .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#School_and_Club
hkmalakg:School_and_Club rdf:type owl:Class ;
                         rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:MA_Community .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#Site
hkmalakg:Site rdf:type owl:Class ;
              rdfs:subClassOf MA_ont:E53_Place .


###  https://purl.org/maont/master#Temple_and_Sect
hkmalakg:Temple_and_Sect rdf:type owl:Class ;
                         rdfs:subClassOf martialmotion:MA_Community .


###  Generated by the OWL API (version 4.5.9.2019-02-01T07:24:44Z) https://github.com/owlcs/owlapi
